Add ZIP 6 (#26)
Zilliqa/ZIP: zips/zip-6.md

Refer to [API docs](https://apidocs.zilliqa.com).

For a detailed guide to deploy and use Isolated server, see [Isolated Server Instructions](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/ISOLATED_SERVER_setup.md).

It has two variants i.e. `time-triggered` and `event-triggered`. 
In a time-triggered system, the blocknumber increases every few time intervals. This interval can be user defined.
In an event-triggered system, the blocknumber increases using a json-rpc api call `IncreaseBlocknum`. 

The variant can be specified with parameter `-t` when starting the system. See [Isolated Server Boostrap Options](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/ISOLATED_SERVER_setup.md#bootstrap-options) for more details.

## Rationale

The server when it recieves a transaction, applies the same set of checks to it as a zilliqa node would apply. The transaction is then confirmed or rejected and the corresponding state is saved. This saves on time for the consensus between nodes, which is a major bottleneck in terms of testing.

The server tries to enable all the APIs which are responsible to test a transaction. However, it does not form an actual blockchain, it just simulates it.

> It is a conscious decsion here to not enable block related APIs as those have no meaning in a single node simulation enviornment. Since no block is being generated, APIs like `GetTxBlock` or `GetNumTxnsTxEpoch` do not make sense.

Reviewer: After reading the preceding paragraphs (which mentioned block numbers), this can potentially lead to some confusion. For instance, why can't blocks have any meaning in a simulation environment (regardless of node count)? I think maybe you should emphasize here that you don't care that much about storing blocks and you just want to have a running block number instead.

Author: OK understood

> To test a transaction however, two approachs emerged. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test a transaction, however, two approaches emerged.
```

> * Event Trigger: Say a developer wants to test his her smart contract at blocknumber `N`. He/she deploys the transaction at blocknumber `M` and then can use the `Increase Blocknumber` API to increment by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Event Trigger: Say a developer wants to test his/her smart contract at block number `N`. He/she deploys the transaction at block number `M`, and then can use the `IncreaseBlocknum` API to increment the block number by
```

> `N-M` and figure out its behaviour at `Nth` blocknumber. This gave rise to the event-triggered mechanism. The user will not have to wait to reach the `Nth` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`N-M` to figure out the transaction's behaviour at block number `N`. This gave rise to the event-triggered mechanism. The user will not have to wait to reach block number `N`.
```

> * Time Trigger: The event-triggered mechanism fails when the isolated server is being used by multiple users as a single user might change the blocknumber, causing confusion for the other users, hence when this is enabled, the blocknumber automatically updates after specific time intervals. `IncreaseBlocknum` is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Time Trigger: The event-triggered mechanism can fail when the Isolated Server is being used by multiple users; one or more of those users might change the block number, causing confusion for the rest. In this situation, the time-triggered variant can be enabled instead, so that the block number automatically updates for everyone at regular time intervals. When the time-triggered variant is used, the `IncreaseBlocknum` API is disabled.
```

The Isolated server is just a layer above the original zilliqa code. Hence, most of the updates in zilliqa code base are automatically updated in the isolated server.

## Test Cases

> - Run an isolated server, Refer to [Isolated Server Instructions](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/ISOLATED_SERVER_setup.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run an instance of the Isolated Server. Refer to [Isolated Server Instructions](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/ISOLATED_SERVER_setup.md)
```

> Example bootstrap command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Example bootstrap command:
```

```bash 
./build/bin/isolatedServer -f isolated-server-accounts.json -t 100
```

> - Issue a `CreateTransaction` to the isolated server to test the transaction. Example to deploy a smart contract (Fungible Token):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Issue a `CreateTransaction` to the Isolated Server to test the transaction. Example to deploy a smart contract (Fungible Token):
```

}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST "https://localhost:5555"

```

Where `https://localhost:5555` is the location of the isolated server.

> - Use a `GetTransacition` to check the reciept and check if the transaction has succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `GetTransacition` to check the receipt and check if the transaction has succeeded.
```

>   Example of a succesful deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Example of a successful deployment:
```

The Isolated Server has two variants, i.e., `time-triggered` and `event-triggered`.
In a time-triggered system, the transaction block number increases at fixed time intervals. This interval can be user-defined.
In an event-triggered system, the transaction block number is increased by using a JSON-RPC API call `IncreaseBlocknum`. 

The variant can be specified with parameter `-t` when starting the system. See [Isolated Server Boostrap Options](https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa/blob/master/ISOLATED_SERVER_setup.md#bootstrap-options) for more details.

## Rationale

When the Isolated Server receives a transaction, it applies the same set of checks to the transaction as a Zilliqa node would apply. The transaction is then confirmed or rejected and the corresponding state is saved. This saves on time for the consensus between nodes, which is a major bottleneck in terms of testing.

The server tries to enable all the APIs which are applicable to testing a transaction. However, it does not form an actual blockchain; it just simulates it.

> It is a conscious decsion here to not enable block related APIs as no blocks are being generated nor being stored, since it is a single node enviornment. Hence, APIs like `GetTxBlock` or `GetNumTxnsTxEpoch` do not make sense. Since blocknumber is an important parameter in testing, APIs to change and query it have been provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a conscious decision here to not enable block related APIs as no blocks are being generated nor being stored, since it is a single node environment. Hence, APIs like `GetTxBlock` or `GetNumTxnsTxEpoch` do not make sense. Since blocknumber is an important parameter in testing, APIs to change and query it have been provided.
```

}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST "https://localhost:5555"

```

> Where `https://localhost:5555` is the location of the isolated server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `https://localhost:5555` is the location of the Isolated Server.
```

> - Use `GetTransacition` to check the receipt and check if the transaction has succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `GetTransaction` to check the receipt and check if the transaction has succeeded.
```
